Add `remark-mdx-math-enhanced` to list of plugins (#2028)
mdx-js/mdx: docs/guides/math.server.mdx

  ```
</Note>

<Note>

>   **Note:** If you have a use case that requires dynamic JS expressions inside of math environments (e.g. accessing props, making calculations, etc) you may want to check out [remark-mdx-math-enhanced](https://github.com/goodproblems/remark-mdx-math-enhanced) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Note:** see also
  [`remark-mdx-math-enhanced`](https://github.com/goodproblems/remark-mdx-math-enhanced),
  which you can use to support JavaScript expressions inside of math (such as to
  access props or to make calculations)
```

How about this one? Notable changes: `e.g.` -> such as, code for project name, lowercase first word, full `JavaScript`, line wrapping

  ```
</Note>

> <Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note type="info">
```

A type is needed for the site to build (see Vercel). How about this?
